Add new README for Tile-only integrations (#11712)
DataDog/integrations-core: datadog_checks_dev/datadog_checks/dev/tooling/templates/integration/tile_v2/README.md

# {integration_name}
 
## Overview
 
< Provide some background information on your software, along with specifics about what is being offered in your Datadog app >
 
## Setup
 
### Installation
 

> 1. On any Datadog dashboard, click the "Add Widgets" button
> 2. Select "Apps" in the widget menu
> 3. Drag the {integration_name} widget onto your dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Add Widgets** button on a Datadog dashboard.
2. Select **Apps** from the widget menu.
3. Drag and drop the {integration_name} widget on your dashboard.
```

 
### Configuration
 
< Add any extra configuration steps for your app, including any options or settings that the user has to configure before the app is able to function >
 
### Validation
 
< Steps to validate that the app is functioning as expected. If no validation steps are needed, delete this section >
 
## Troubleshooting
 
< Add any links to relevant documentation regarding your Datadog app >
 
Need help? Contact [Datadog support][1].

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
 ## Further Reading

Additional helpful documentation, links, and articles:

- [Link text][1]

```

# {integration_name}
 
## Overview
 
< Provide some background information on your software, along with specifics about what is being offered in your Datadog app >
 
## Setup
 
### Installation
 
1. Click the **Add Widgets** button on a Datadog dashboard.
2. Select **Apps** from the widget menu.
3. Drag and drop the {integration_name} widget on your dashboard.
 
### Configuration
 
< Add any extra configuration steps for your app, including any options or settings that the user has to configure before the app is able to function >
 
### Validation
 
< Steps to validate that the app is functioning as expected. If no validation steps are needed, delete this section >
 

> ## Troubleshooting

Author: ```suggestion
## Support
```
